chore(coding-components): update angular sample to 18 (#535)
Esri/jsapi-resources: component-samples/coding-components/samples/angular/README.md

# Coding components Angular sample

📁 **[Click here to download this directory as a ZIP file](https://esri.github.io/jsapi-resources/zips/coding-components-sample-angular.zip)** 📁

## Known issues
* The compile warning `The glob pattern import("./**/*.entry.js*") did not match any files [empty-glob]` is a known issue with Stencil and it can be ignored. 
* You may encounter the following build configuration error:
`[ERROR] No loader is configured for ".ttf" files: node_modules/monaco-editor/esm/vs/base/browser/ui/codicons/codicon/codicon.ttf`.

> To fix this, add the following configuration in your `angular.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this, the following has been added to the `angular.json` configuration file in this sample:
```
